Introduce and structure label settings and text formats page (#4129)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/style_library/style_manager.rst

* |lineLayer| :guilabel:`Line` for linear symbols only;
* |polygonLayer| :guilabel:`Fill` for surface symbols only;
* |color| :guilabel:`Color ramp`;
* |text| :guilabel:`Text format` to manage :ref:`text formats <text_format>`,
  which store the font, color, buffers, shadows, and backgrounds of text formats

>   (i.e. all the formatting parts of label settings, which can be used outside of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (i.e. all the formatting parts of the label settings, which for instance can be used
```

>   labels, eg in layouts);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in layouts);
```
